problem  with your shame isn't that you want to be
that  you want to be successful isn't that you want to be funny and it isn't even you're willing to do whatever
it  takes to get
and  i don't actually resent that about you your cut throat nature in some
sense  esthetically at least i can even appreciate the problem with you shame
the  fundamental evil chanoines that you just don't give a damn right in
reality  there are no heroes and there are no villain
there  were people who care and there were people
the
a  face
a  lot like i did it a lot on my
he
i  am
plastered
for
grace
he
clearly  no
video
i  gave excuses and i know it was wrong and i knew i would never wanted to do it an
i  didn't
why
and  why people were so
my  excuse how i was i was just being funny i love black people i'm not
races  i was trying to be funny like all of that
this
i  don't know how to
fully  apologize because it almost seemed like something that
he  redeemed but ere i don't know the right word it's something that i shouldn't
even  be able to
i  should lose
me  as a white person wearing away and playing a character and doing stereotypes and
the  word is something that i should
probably  lost
the  biggest pre
it
and  that that's a crazy part it's like i've had people tell me well i used to watch our ideas when i was a kid
and  yet i never saw anything
when  i say i hate
that  person
filled  with a
filled  with
in  the close
constantly
i  don't know just that
there's  a lot of this discourse about being
i'm  not the
and  you know that thought is comforting
should  challenge it you
precisely  because it's much more it
one
or  the
really  do have the same motivations sure you have more maturity you have more you
better  information or quit but the idea that you are the same person
that  you were before when you
precisely  because it's disturbing and upsetting you i think that's
worth  investigating and precisely because you find it comforting to think oh no
the  same horse any more that's a really good reason to reject it think about comforting
it  would be for me if i said misspent the same person that i was back when i
married  my wife what what a comforting thought and its complete horsewhip think of
what  a comfort though it oh you know i had this period of my life when i was studying but i am and
doing  humanitarian work and so these they but now in a completely different person
no  i'm not even when you talk was like positive like that there's a tragic
element  yet you know what i really still am the person who went to cambodia and went a low
and  wanted to humanitarian work and wanted to make the world a better place one to study the languages and get
involved  the political history and you know what part of me is frustrated because i can't do
that  any more cause my life isn't like that at all anymore let even though that's a positive example for my life
there  were tragic elements to recognizing that i am the same person now and that it was the same
person  with the same desires the same
the  aspirations
in  leader states my life when i took those feelings and tried to do something
else  constructive and positive with them and yet i recognize its much more horrifying
and  when you're looking back aspects of your character and aspect of your desire and who you really are that
you  lament that you were great where you wish you wish you were somebody else back then before
any  wish you could be somebody else somebody different somebody better right now but you
can't  that is cruelly
there  was an end of you i saw many years ago with a musician and this guy is not
a  particularly cestus cian he never got gold outans or
he  reported to allinson plates some gigs but that's about
and  this guy said simply
stop  peter
stop  pretend
you  don't want this
admit  yourself recog
all  of this be
jumping  up and
wearing  your pen
i  want to be
and  it's such a simple shallow silly image i know i felt
there  was something really honest in that in single look you now you now me think that you're this depressive
profane  morose successful musician who just can't stand the controversy
and  can't stand the slings and arrows of public attention but you know you're thoosand no
this  attention this controversy
this  is something you're willing to do anything to get and you ll
those  childish desires those childish in
way  of acting
doing  something creative with them right that you that still is you he
renew  in a certain importance sense especially as relates
when  i look at a guy like chained on coming on came
the  propellers
he's  another man he started a new life he wants a second
no  you're not
no  your fucking
all  right you had those same desires before you have them now you
just  got a different way of getting them
he
the  problem with your shame isn't that you want to be a
is  it that you want to be successful isn't that you want to be funny and it isn't even you're willing to do
whatever  it takes to get
and  i don't actually resent that about you your cut throat nature in some
sense  esthetically at least i can even appreciate the problem with you shame
the  fundamental evil chanoines that you just don't give a down right in
reality  there are no heroes and there are no villains
there  were people who care
people
if  you stop and think for a moment i made but your university professors you know it's
not  the case that some of them were heroes and some of the potentate you had a problem or when there was
a  problem maybe it wasn't your problem with some deal as from me there is a problem with the hole university or problem in the
city  you were living in there were some professors
here  and there were some who just
she  also is some one
the
does  not care
he's  clean that some of these a better person today can be refuted just by
looking  at the list of outvies
all  these people want to step up and pretend that there proletariat
and  that their passively put it emotive when they get caught in one of these controversies because
of  the ruthless cut throats stupid controversy bathing
race  mating races offensive things they did in order to get famous in order to get
public
for  controversy
get  whatever the hell it was that was going on in their brains
when  they get caught they then turn around and say no no no i want
to  be the sensitive soul that cares about political shauno what one of the most
momentous  events of your life precisely your life than just
within  the last
you  know there was a piece
signed  in afghanistan like she does to what he thirty one years old now do you have a whole lot of memories
from  before september lepidotus one that war that war that's
to  find so much of our adult life right it ended with a peace treaty and then
there  are the consequence
there's  not a single video on your channel but there's not a single video on your chanterelle ting
on  a reacting to you know the black lives matter movement the riots people burning down
you  know major cities the dataria would have called them anti police brutality protests
long  race riots you've lived through all this you pick any number of examples
she  you fundamentally or some one who did not care who does not care
who  never will care and that the profound sense of which no matter how many of these weeping videos you
may
declaring  the europe a new man you are different and that you haven't started a new
life
you're  not
still  the same kid who bounced up and down on your bed and your
you
willing